By now you should have gotten a general idea of how you use angular material how you work with it and
what does behind the scenes.
A lot of things.
It's more than just some CSSA.
As you can clearly tell with all that floating these automatic errors and so much it's styling and there's
a full English component behind it angular component where you can bind properties to find the position
of the labels or the color of a button or angle or a component that automatically detects Weber input
is valid or not and changes to color and displays an error.
This is what angular material does for you and how you use it.
Important parts are that you always import the components you use into your material module.
And then of course that you use them as instructed in the official documentation which I can only encourage
you to look into.
I showed you where to find it how to read it because it's so important that you can really fine tune
your app to your needs.
We're not done of course though we only had a look at a couple of these components.
We haven't even touched on navigation toolbars and aside Nath.
These are all things we're going to do in the next course module where we will dive deeper into angular
material.